Content,Tags
"What better way for crypto investors to wrap up 2024 than the Global Blockchain Show in Dubai? Rachel Conlan, formerly the Vice President of Global Marketing at Binance and now the CMO, will be in attendance. Reports from her appointment as CMO indicated that her initiatives would focus on educating and empowering individuals with crypto knowledge, aligning with Binance’s goal of expanding industry adoption. A year later, Rachel Conlan has lived up to her goal for Binance",Blockchain
"Conlan is already at the forefront of Binance’s marketing campaigns, which include collaborations with well-known celebrities like Cristiano Ronaldo, The Weeknd, and Alpine Formula 1.   During the Biden administration, there have been heavy conversations on crypto regulations. The US SEC’s crypto regulatory approach has seen exchanges and investors exit America for better fintech hubs like Dubai.  Advertisement To that end, the Global Blockchain Show will take place on December 12th and 13th at the Grand Hyatt Exhibition Centre in Dubai. Some keynote speakers include Yat Siu, the Co-Founder and Chairman of Animoca Brands; H.E","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Blockchain, FinTech"
"Justin Sun, the Founder of TRON and a member of the HTX Global Advisory Board; Dr. Marwan Alzarouni, the CEO of Dubai Blockchain Center and  Dubai Economy & Tourism; and Jason Allegrante, the Chief Legal and compliance Officer at Fireblocks. The Blockchain Show aims to unify industry leaders, developers, and blockchain enthusiasts from around the world",Blockchain
"Keynote speakers like Binance’s Rachel Conlan will focus on Web3 gaming, digital currency, blockchain regulations, crypto mining, trading, Web3 security, the integration of AI and blockchain, and crypto-collectibles such as NFTs. The event has been organized by Web3 and artificial intelligence consulting giant VAP Group.  Vishal Parmar, Founder and Chief Executive Officer of VAP Group, remarks that “The Global Blockchain Show is more than just a one-time event. It is designed to be the ultimate blockchain mixer where attendees will go on a continuous journey through the dynamic world of blockchain technology and unwind with the ‘who’s who’ of the industry.” Advertisement As one of Binance’s executives, Rachel Conlan continues the crypto exchange’s mission to build the industry and facilitate mainstream adoption","Web3, Blockchain, NFTs, Web3 Gaming, Blockchain Technology, Web3 Security, Mining, Crypto Mining, AI, Artificial Intelligence, AI and Blockchain"
The Global Blockchain Show will be another extension of her good work. Also Read: Animoca Brands Chairman Yat Siu to Attend the Dubai Global Blockchain Show in December Advertisement ,"Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Blockchain"
"Join us in showcasing the cryptocurrency revolution, one newsletter at a time. Subscribe now to get daily news and market updates right to your inbox, along with our millions of other subscribers (that’s right, millions love us!) — what are you waiting for? Through Web3 technology, Animoca Brands seeks to decentralize this model, enabling users to own digital assets and benefit directly from the value they generate. Tokens represent ownership in network effects, allowing individuals to finally hold capital assets in the digital realm","Animoca Brands, Web3, Cryptocurrency, Digital Assets"
"He believes that industries like gaming, art, and music will benefit the most from this shift, creating new economic models in the digital landscape. He believes this move could attract traditional investors who may not be comfortable with tokens but are open to investing in blockchain companies. He believes the rise of founder-driven VC investment will be key to developing the region’s tech ecosystem, as successful entrepreneurs begin reinvesting in technology",Blockchain
"In this interview, Yat Siu provided a vision for the future of digital property rights and Web3, highlighting the potential of digital-native assets, regulatory advancements, and Animoca Brands’ global expansion. As Web3 continues to grow, Siu’s vision of decentralization and digital ownership promises to reshape economies worldwide. Join the thousands already learning crypto! ","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Web3, Decentralization"
"  In addition to the sponsorship, OKX MENA General Manager Rifad Mahasneh will participate in a panel discussion titled ""Web3 Emirates Today: Startup Hub and High-Competitive Reality"" on day one of the conference. The panel, scheduled from 10:25 to 10:50 (UTC+4), will feature industry leaders including Dubai Blockchain Center CEO Dr. Marwan Alzarouni, Animoca Brands Founder and Executive Chairman Yat Siu and Abu Dhabi Blockchain Center CEO Abdulla Al Dhaheri","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Web3, Blockchain"
"OKX MENA General Manager Rifad Mahasneh said: ""Our participation as a Special Sponsor at Blockchain Life 2024 underscores our commitment to the UAE's growing crypto and Web3 ecosystem. With our exchange having just gone live in the UAE, we are excited to continue engaging with industry leaders and innovators, showcasing our latest onchain innovations and contributing to the dialogue shaping the future of finance in the region."" This sponsorship follows OKX's recent milestone in the region: as of October 10, 2024, OKX is operationally live and licensed in the UAE. With the announcement, the firm became the first global crypto company in the UAE to offer AED banking rails for its retail and institutional customers","Web3, Blockchain, Future of Finance, Web3 Ecosystem"
"Blockchain Life 2024 is set to attract over 10,000 participants from 120 countries, bringing together key players from across the crypto ecosystem. Representatives from crypto funds, government officials, miners, developers, and startups will convene to discuss the future of cryptocurrencies and the onchain space. This prestigious event offers attendees a unique opportunity to network, collaborate and explore cutting-edge innovations shaping the industry",Blockchain
"Access to products is subject to regional regulatory requirements and restrictions. OKX Middle East Fintech FZE is licensed by the Virtual Assets Regulatory Authority to provide VA Exchange Services, VA Management and Investment Services, and VA Lending and Borrowing Services. OKX Middle East Fintech FZE operates under VASP Reference: VL/23/12/003",FinTech
"The Global Blockchain Show is pleased to announce Yat Siu, Co-Founder and Executive Chairman of Animoca Brands, as one of its esteemed speakers. More than 3,000 Web3 Founders, over 100 speakers, and over 100 investors will be a part of the two-day festival which is taking place on December 12 and 13, 2024 at the Grand Hyatt Exhibition Centre in Dubai. Organized by Web3 and AI consulting giant VAP Group, the Ultimate Blockchain Season Finale is designed to be a 16 hour mixer where attendees will get the opportunity to hear from and connect with Web3’s finest, including Yat Siu","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Web3, Blockchain, AI"
"A veteran technology entrepreneur and investor, Yat Siu has been instrumental in shaping the future of gaming, blockchain and digital property rights. Under his leadership, Hong Kong-based Animoca Brands has become a global leader in blockchain and gaming, pioneering the concept of digital property rights for gamers and Internet users. It has developed a wide portfolio of products including original games such as The Sandbox, Phantom Galaxies, Life Beyond and Crazy Defense Heroes, as well as products utilizing popular intellectual properties from the worlds of sports and entertainment, such as The Walking Dead, Power Rangers, MotoGP, and Formula E","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Blockchain"
"With a portfolio of over 540 blockchain-related companies, Yat drives the development of the open metaverse and play-and-earn economies. At the Global Blockchain Show, Yat will be sharing insights on the topic of ‘Building the Open Metaverse: Winning Web3 with Gamification’ as part of a panel. Unlike traditional systems, where ownership often translates to limited control and accessibility, Web3 introduces true digital ownership through decentralized platforms","Web3, Blockchain, Metaverse"
"The panel will focus on this shift in today’s digital landscape, which empowers individuals and creators alike, sparking innovation across industries.  Born in Austria, Yat’s journey in technology began at Atari Germany in 1990. He later founded Outblaze, a pioneer in multilingual white label web services, which eventually evolved into a hub for incubating projects like Animoca Brands. Since 2018, Yat has been a strong advocate for integrating blockchain and NFTs in gaming, allowing players to truly own their digital assets","Animoca Brands, Blockchain, Digital Assets, NFTs"
"His leadership has positioned Animoca Brands at the forefront of blockchain gaming and the metaverse, contributing to its investment in hundreds of blockchain companies. In 2023, Yat Siu was appointed to Hong Kong’s government task force for promoting Web3 development. Outside of the blockchain industry, he is a director at the Dalton Foundation, which manages the progressive, child-centered Dalton School in Hong Kong, a member of the advisory board of the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, and a board member of the Asian Youth Orchestra","Yat Siu, Animoca Brands, Web3, Blockchain, Metaverse"
"Their flagship events, the Global Blockchain Show and Global AI Show, showcase the brightest minds in these transformative fields. Known for its creativity and forward-thinking approach, VAP Group remains at the forefront of blockchain and AI consultancy. By registering for a free account on CryptoBrowser.io, you agree and accept the Terms and Conditions","Blockchain, AI"
"To provide the best blockchain and crypto media on the web for free, we also request your permission for our partners and us to use cookies to personalize ads. To allow this, please click ""OK"". Need more info? Take a look at our Cookie Policy.",Blockchain