SPEAKER_00: It was very nice. I mean, I think it's not my first time in Phuket, but it's always nice to be here because I like the weather, everything about Thailand.    travel, Thailand
SPEAKER_00: Hello everyone, I'm Irene, the founder of Arinda and Soco. So, for the past six years, I have been building my personal branding as a KOL on various social media platforms like Instagram, Twitter, and TikTok.    Instagram, Arinda, Soco, Twitter, Tiktok
SPEAKER_00: Right now, I have about half a million followers across all these social media platforms. But after I got into Web3 earlier in 2021, I realized some of the pain points of Web2 creator platforms could actually be addressed by Web3 technology.    web3, platform, creator, Web3
SPEAKER_00: So, as a social experiment, I created IreneDAO, which is the first creator DAO NFT in the crypto space. We had about 2.6K ETH trading volume in the first five days, which was a huge success to me.    crypto, creator, nft, dao, IreneDAO, ETH
SPEAKER_00: I asked myself, why couldn't other creators do the same thing? Launch their own NFT collection. This led to the creation of Soco, a one-stop platform where creators can launch their versions of IreneDAO at the click of a button.    nft, dao, creators IreneDAO, Soco, collection
SPEAKER_00: We recently raised fresh funding from TWF and about $6 million in total. We’re going to use this funding to incentivize more creators to join our platform and launch NFTs with us.    nft, creators, NFTs
SPEAKER_00: Right now, we have about 30 to 50 creators and 30K active users since our launch in November last year, and we’re still expanding.    user growth, creators
SPEAKER_00: Our target audience is female creators who want to monetize their superfans but don’t want to go to platforms like OnlyFans or adult-oriented platforms requiring explicit content. We offer an alternative income revenue model where they can come to our platform and launch an NFT collection, allowing their fans closer interaction.    nft, creators, OnlyFans, income, collection
SPEAKER_00: People here are embracing blockchain technology and are eager to learn. There’s a lot of potential in these countries, and I've seen many great local projects emerging. I hope more people in Thailand will join the crypto space.    blockchain, crypto, blockchain technology, people
SPEAKER_00: During this time I built strong connections with big brands like Huawei, Shopee, and Lazada. I also have a strong influencer network in Southeast Asia.     influencer, Asia
SPEAKER_00: I got into crypto in 2021 and realized that many of the pain points for web2 social media platforms can be addressed by web3 technology. So I founded Soco to leverage blockchain and NFTs, allowing creators and fans to own parts of their journey.    blockchain, web3, crypto, nft, NFTs, creators
SPEAKER_00: So before starting so-called I've been a creator for long. Web2 platforms prioritize attention, not profit for creators, as centralized platforms make money from the content and ads. Blockchain reshapes fan-creator relationships through ownership. Creators can turn content into NFTs - music, posts, videos - which fans can buy and own. This helps fans and creators share in each other's growth.        growth, creator, blockchain, nft, NFTs, buy, fans
SPEAKER_00: I avoid ads as they dilute branding; instead, creators can focus on content that resonates, with fans investing early in their journeys. With NFTs, supporters can directly engage without ads.    ads, creators, nft, NFTs
SPEAKER_00: On our platform, creators can launch collections, unlock premium content, and fans gain closer engagement.    creators, collections
SPEAKER_00: Fans become a part of my journey. Ownership in web3 means we all benefit. Creators shouldn't be bound to sponsored content or ads but rather engage deeply with fans.     web3, Creators
SPEAKER_00: In five years, I see so-called helping creators seamlessly connect fans, building true ownership communities through accessible and decentralized solutions.    creators, decentralized
SPEAKER_00: My key takeaway from Block on the Beach Phuket 2023 is that Thailand is a fast-growing country. While places like Singapore have strict regulations, countries like Vietnam, Indonesia, the Philippines, and Thailand are expanding quickly.    Singapore