It was very nice. I mean, I think it's not my first time in Phuket, but it's always nice to be here because I like the weather, everything about Thailand.
Hello everyone, I'm Irene, the founder of Arinda and Soco. So, for the past six years, I have been building my personal branding as a KOL on various social media platforms like Instagram, Twitter, and TikTok.
Right now, I have about half a million followers across all these social media platforms. But after I got into Web3 earlier in 2021, I realized some of the pain points of Web2 creator platforms could actually be addressed by Web3 technology.
So, as a social experiment, I created IreneDAO, which is the first creator DAO NFT in the crypto space. We had about 2.6K ETH trading volume in the first five days, which was a huge success to me.
I asked myself, why couldn't other creators do the same thing? Launch their own NFT collection. This led to the creation of Soco, a one-stop platform where creators can launch their versions of IreneDAO at the click of a button.
We recently raised fresh funding from TWF and about $6 million in total. We’re going to use this funding to incentivize more creators to join our platform and launch NFTs with us.
Right now, we have about 30 to 50 creators and 30K active users since our launch in November last year, and we’re still expanding.
Our target audience is female creators who want to monetize their superfans but don’t want to go to platforms like OnlyFans or adult-oriented platforms requiring explicit content. We offer an alternative income revenue model where they can come to our platform and launch an NFT collection, allowing their fans closer interaction.
My key takeaway from Block on the Beach Phuket 2023 is that Thailand is a fast-growing country. While places like Singapore have strict regulations, countries like Vietnam, Indonesia, the Philippines, and Thailand are expanding quickly.
People here are embracing blockchain technology and are eager to learn. There’s a lot of potential in these countries, and I've seen many great local projects emerging. I hope more people in Thailand will join the crypto space.
