Content	Keywords
Market Outlook Crypto Economy Sheds 10B Overnight, Exchange Inflow and Sell Pressure Rises The overall market capitalization of all 5,700 cryptocurrencies in existence lost around 10 billion during the overnight trading sessions.  Most crypto assets have lost 2 5 in value during the last 12 hours, and a number of speculators blame the recent Twitter hack	Cryptocurrency, Crypto, Market Conditions
The price of bitcoin BTC and a number of other digital assets worldwide slumped in value, a few hours after the massive Twitter breach that took place on Wednesday.  Since the incident, the overall valuation of all the coins in existence has lost roughly 10 billion and most of the top coins are down a few percentages	Cryptocurrency, Crypto
At the time of publication, the market capitalization for every coin market is hovering just above the 270 billion range losing 1. 47 during the last 24 hours	CL207, Market Conditions
Bitcoin BTC is swapping for 9,083 per coin and the market is down 1. 56 today	Cryptocurrency
The second largest market ethereum ETH has lost over 3 and each ETH is trading for 232.  The stablecoin tether USDT is capturing more than two thirds of the global trades today with nearly every coin as a pair	Cryptocurrency, Ethereum
The USDT market valuation is hovering around 9. 64 billion on Thursday and there s roughly 5	
9 billion in global trade volume.  Behind USDT, is XRP and each token is currently trading for 0	Cryptocurrency
19 per coin.  XRP has lost over 3	
6 during the last 24 hours.  Bitcoin cash BCH holds the fifth position as far as market valuation is concerned	Cryptocurrency
BCH is swapping for 221 per coin and markets are down over 2. 9	
USDT BCH trades are hovering just above the 58 zone, while BTC is capturing 21 of all bitcoin cash swaps.  This is followed by KRW 4	Cryptocurrency
88 , USD 4. 82 , GBP 2	
74 , ETH 1. 41 , and EUR 1	
07 .  Selling Pressure and Bitcoin Options According to a recent tweet from the popular Twitter account cl207, the range of bid and asks sellers is at a multi month high	Cryptocurrency, CL207
On July 15, cl207 told his 9,800 Twitter followers 3 range bids asks shows that the amount of asks on Bitmex is at a Bitmex multi month high.  Essentially, it means the price of bitcoin BTC has a great number of sell orders to eat through in order to break upper resistance	Cryptocurrency, CL207
He added Eat through approximately 150,000,000 of sell orders to and we won t even be at 9,400.  Additionally, data from the market research firm Skew	
com indicates that BTC options show traders are expecting a temporary dip.  Data from the web portal shows that bitcoin options, specifically one month put calls, are leaning toward a bearish downswing in price	Cryptocurrency, CL207
On Twitter Skew wrote Bitcoin options term structure is record steep.  Market pricing in a quiet summer	Cryptocurrency
The research team s official Twitter account also tweeted Yesterday is the first day on our record where Okex USDT margined bitcoin futures had more volumes than BTC margined bitcoin futures.  The shift towards stable coin margining is a big story for crypto markets this year	Cryptocurrency, Crypto
Stablecoin Madness Stablecoins have been extremely popular during the last two years, and the current supply recently crossed 12 billion in value, according to a recent tweet from the cryptocurrency analysis firm Unfolded.  Sharing data from the company Coin Metrics, the Unfolded researchers highlighted a quote from a recent Coin Metrics report After it took five years for stablecoin supply to reach 6 billion, it only took another four months for it to grow from 6 billion to 12 billion following the March 12th crypto crash	Cryptocurrency, Crypto
Bitstamp and Coin Metrics published a report recently called The Rise of Stablecoins, which highlights that tether USDT captures a great majority of the 12 billion aggregate stablecoin valuation.  As crypto matures, stablecoins will mature as well, the researchers wrote	Cryptocurrency, Crypto
If crypto assets are eventually used at a large scale for purposes like international payments and global remittances, stablecoins are a natural candidate for a true crypto medium of exchange.  Traders Expect a Bitcoin Price Dip Due to Exchange Inflow Metrics Data from the research and analysis company Cryptoquant and the popular full time crypto trader on Twitter with 40,000 followers, Traderxo pandilladeflujo , shows that the price of BTC may see a temporary drop below the 9k range	Cryptocurrency, Crypto
Cryptoquant notes that a small retracement may take place due to the spike in exchange inflows, which means a great number of traders are depositing coins to possibly sell.  Traderxo noted the trend on July 15 when he tweeted Inflows showing constant spikes and some decent amounts being sent to derivatives exchanges	Cryptocurrency, Crypto
Yet outflows remain relatively flat.  Something, something on derivatives while something, something on spot exchanges	
Its been a consistent pattern for the last several weeks.  What do you think about the recent cryptocurrency prices on July 16 Let us know what you think in the comments section below	Cryptocurrency, Crypto
TAGS IN THIS STORY cl207, BCH, BitStamp, BTC, Coin Metrics, Cryptocurrencies, Cryptoquant, market outlook, Market Update, Prices, report, Skew. com, Stablecoins, Tether, traderox, Traders, Unfolded, USDT Bitcoin Inches Closer to Record Highs Are Traders Ready for What s Coming MARKET UPDATES 9 hours ago Ethereum Technical Analysis ETH Stabilizes Amid Key Resistance MARKET UPDATES 20 hours ago Image Credits Shutterstock, Pixabay, Wiki Commons, Cryptoquant, Coin Metrics, pandilladeflujo, cl207, Twitter PREVIOUS ARTICLE FreeBitcoins	Cryptocurrency, Crypto, CL207, Ethereum, Trading Strategies
com is Open Again With Three Helpful Tools for New and Old Cryptocurrency Users NEXT ARTICLE Bitcoin Investor Sues IRS for Unlawful Seizure of Financial Records at 3 Crypto Exchanges READ DISCLAIMER Buy crypto Sell crypto I want to buy Bitcoin BTC How much USD GET QUOTE MORE POPULAR NEWS Latest crypto news in your inbox Get the newsletter directly to your inbox Sign up IN CASE YOU MISSED IT Ethereum Founder Vitalik Buterin The Splurge Seeks to Bring the EVM to an Endgame State Ethereum founder Vitalik Buterin has unveiled his ambitious roadmap titled The Splurge, which aims to enhance the Ethereum Virtual Machine EVM and bring it to a stable and performant endgame state.  The initiative focuses on several key goals, including the read more	Cryptocurrency, Crypto, CL207, Ethereum
Escaping Financial Control Why BRICS Is Shifting Away From US Dollar System Bitcoin Facing Potentially Destructive Vampire Attack by Third Parties 2,430 Surge Why Central Bank Digital Currencies Are Set to Explode BRICS, SCO Align on Unified Payment System to Reduce Dollar Reliance Bitcoin s Ideal Leader 100K Votes Flood Michael Saylor s Poll, Backing Future BTC Champion Elon Musk s DOGE to Slash 2 Trillion From Government Budget The Future Is Going to Be Amazing Bitcoin Inches Closer to Record Highs Are Traders Ready for What s Coming Blackrock to Vote on Microsoft s Bitcoin Move BTC Treasury Strategy in Focus Unexpected Moment Treasury Sign Falls as Yellen Confronts US Dollar Reserve Currency ConcernsOpen in app Sign up Sign in Write Master Trader Class Recap with Trade Legend CL207 SynFuturesT rkiye Follow 3 min read May 3, 2024 Trade legend and Trand Grand Prix winner CL207 joined our CSO MattSynFutures1 on X to chat about TGP, trading strategies, and the origins of Cat In our second Master Class, we had the privilege of listening to CL, who won the second prize of the Trading Grand Prix Masters, an intensive four week trading competition featuring some of the leading crypto derivatives traders.  Throughout the competition, CL consistently placed at the top and never got eliminated, a feat not easily managed in a trading competition	Cryptocurrency, Crypto, CL207, Trading Strategies
During the lecture, CL talks about trading strategies or lack thereof , his risk management approach, not being an on chain clown, and the origins of his Cat inspired public profile.  Below is a summary of the interview hosted by SynFutures CSO Matthew Liu	CL207, Trading Strategies
Check out the full session at X .  CL s trading Competition Experience Before CL discussed his foray into crypto trading I got into it because I was poor and needed to buy food	Cryptocurrency, Crypto, CL207
, CL shared his experience trading at the TGP Masters.  While that was part of the fun of the competition, he recalled that many competitors were quickly eliminated due to their high risk behavior	CL207
It started when we were like, dropping nukes nonstop.  So, you know, that s probably why everyone got eliminated on the second day or so	
It was pretty funny.  To Strategy or Not to Strategy My strategy in general was that I thought I shouldn t be an on chain clown	CL207
So I shouldn t have been liquidated.  When asked about his trading strategy, CL stated that he doesn t rely on traditional indicators like trend lines or Fibonacci indicators	CL207
Instead, he focuses on volume, fundamentals, and market logic to evaluate trading opportunities.  However, CL emphasized the importance of understanding the market s vulnerabilities and participant behavior in a trading competition	CL207
I don t really have many indicators on the chart.  But I think a lot can be learned from a fair logic	CL207
I think volume is very important.  Fundamentals are important	
Risk Management and New V3 Updates Risk management is a great way to manage profits, whether it s for a single investor or aThis is important in any trading environment, be it a competitive one where more traders are looking for the top prize.  As mentioned earlier, CL has avoided liquidation throughout the competition by avoiding high leverage	CL207, Market Conditions, Trading Strategies
This led to a discussion about the lack of a stop loss function, a feature that Matt mentioned will be coming to future iterations of the protocol.  Following the end of the competition, SynFutures actively sought feedback from all Master Traders to improve the trading features on the dApp	Cryptocurrency, Ethereum
In fact, some of these updates have already been implemented.  CL has also adopted a proactive loss reduction strategy to avoid underwater positions and the need for traders to constantly improve their skills and adapt to evolving market conditions	CL207
I think a lot of perp traders, when they re really good at timing local lows and local highs, are not able to do something like, say, FOMO long or FOMO short.  Or just chasing momentum is really hard	
Origins of the Cat To close out the Master Class session, Matthew asked CL if he preferred trading meme coins or major coins he has shorted some L1 tokens in the past, but the latter is his first choice and asked CL about the origins of his Cat .  Personality	Cryptocurrency, CL207
CL apparently doesn t like Cats, but after a friend sent him a picture of a cat, he decided to add it to his profile.  However, before that, his family had given him a nickname meaning cat on the advice of a fortune teller	CL207
The name stuck with him over the years, and today CL has one of the most popular anonymous accounts on Crypto Twitter.  With over 65,000 users, the Main Session was one of our most informative X Spaces to date	Cryptocurrency, Crypto, CL207
CL provided detailed insight into his trading strategies, risk management practices, and perspectives on market dynamics.  Thanks to everyone who has been following us and staying tuned for future Master Class sessions on X Disclaimer All SynFutures X content is for educational and informational purposes only, not financial advice	CL207, Trading Strategies
About SynFutures SynFutures is a decentralized perpetual futures protocol that facilitates instant, open and transparent trading on any asset and listing.  The V3 Oyster AMM is the industry slaunched the first combined AMM and on chain order book model	Cryptocurrency, Ethereum
Backed by leading investors like Pantera, Polychain, Standard Crypto, Hashkey, and more, SynFutures has processed more than 23 billion in volume since launching in 2021.  Learn more Website YouTube X Discord Telegram Github Sign up to discover human stories that deepen your understanding of the world	Cryptocurrency, Crypto
Free Distraction free reading.  No ads	
Organize your knowledge with lists and highlights.  Tell your story	
Find your audience.  Sign up for free Membership Read member only stories Support writers you read most Earn money for your writing Listen to audio narrations Read offline with the Medium app Try for 5 month Master Trader Trading Futures Trading Synfutures V3 Trading Grand Prix Written by SynFuturesT rkiye 5 Followers The address for futures transactions is always, everywhere https www	Trading Tools & Concepts
synfutures. com Follow More from SynFuturesT rkiye SynFuturesT rkiye Using Binance Web3 Wallet on SynFutures V3 for PC for Oyster Odyssey One of the biggest problems with accessing DeFi is the steep learning curve for new users	Cryptocurrency, Crypto, Ethereum
Setting up a wallet, initial phrase Mar 14 SynFuturesT rkiye The Pearl Press Issue 25 A new weekly newsletter from SynFutures Sep 15 SynFuturesT rkiye The Pearl Press Issue 29 A new weekly newsletter from SynFutures Oct 12 SynFuturesT rkiye The Pearl Press Issue 27 A new weekly newsletter from SynFutures Sep 27 See all from SynFuturesT rkiye Recommended from Medium Alexander Nguyen in Level Up Coding The resume that got a software engineer a 300,000 job at Google.  1 page	Cryptocurrency
Well formatted.  Jun 1 24K 483 Austin Starks in DataDrivenInvestor I used OpenAI s o1 model to develop a trading strategy	
It is DESTROYING the market.  It literally took one try	
I was shocked.  Sep 15 5K 136 Lists Staff Picks 752 stories 1406 saves Stories to Help You Level Up at Work 19 stories 849 saves Self Improvement 101 20 stories 2939 saves Productivity 101 20 stories 2490 saves Jeremy Rush CEO Jonny Blockchain Jonny Blockchain Launches World s First Decentralized Exchange DEX Grid Bot Revolutionizing We re thrilled to announce a groundbreaking innovation at Jonny Blockchain the world s first decentralized exchange DEX grid bot Sep 15 55 1 Puranam Pradeep Picasso ImbueDesk Profile 66941	Cryptocurrency, Crypto, Ethereum
5 Returns in Testing and 900 Live Trades in Action A Journey Through Time Series Ensemble Unleashing the power of Neural Networks for creating Trading Bot for maximum profits.  Sep 3 144 3 Kevin Meneses Gonz lez in Stackademic 5 Essential Tips for Organizing Your Python Code Introduction 5d ago 30 Ehsan Ahmed AI Is Changing The World In the coming years, artificial intelligence is probably going to change your life, and likely the entire world	
But people have a hard 4d ago 869 23 See more recommendationsUnveiling the Mysteries of Crypto The cat cl207 s name originated from a fortune teller who predicted his success as a writer and the need for protection from those who would go after him.  The cat cl207 s mother visited a fortune teller who foretold his future and advised on protecting him from potential threats	Cryptocurrency, Crypto, CL207
The fund was interested in moving the price of cryptocurrencies in their favor.  They engaged in manipulative practices like shoving market orders and impacting different venues	Cryptocurrency, Crypto
The speaker describes the fund s actions as degenerate.  Trends and Influences in the Crypto Market The blastcontract by Paradigm has gained significant TVL and has attracted attention in the crypto community	Cryptocurrency, Crypto
The popularity and ownership by influential individuals can affect the value of a coin.  Attention and discussion around a coin are crucial for its success, regardless of its technological capabilities	
There are numerous sectors with investment opportunities, including DeFi and AI.  The crypto markets are increasingly influenced by influencers, which may have both positive and negative effects	Cryptocurrency, Crypto, CL207
The Intriguing World of Crypto Insights and Trends Finance Cryptocurrency The crypto market is a dynamic and ever evolving space, filled with fascinating stories and trends.  From fortune tellers predicting the success of a cat to the influence of influential individuals on coin values, there s always something new to discover	Cryptocurrency, Crypto, CL207
This article provides insights into the world of crypto and explores the latest trends and developments.	Cryptocurrency, Crypto, CL207
